fix(biome_js_analyze): add JsExport to be walked by JsDocTypeCollectorVisitior (#6565)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/large-showers-leave.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed [4677](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4677). Now the rule `noUnusedImports` rule won't produce diagnostics for types used in comment of JS_EXPORT

Reviewer: To describe changes to end users of Biome, let's avoid using internal names such as JS_EXPORT.

```suggestion
Fixed [#4677](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4677): Now the `noUnusedImports` rule won't produce diagnostics for types used in JSDoc comment of exports.
```
